# Assetsment
A full stack web application that enables users to manage their investments and track their performances in a detailed way. Developed with MongoDB, ExpressJS, ReactJS, and NodeJS.

## Motivation
Many investors diversify their portfolio, leading them to own shares of very differing companies. Portfolios may consist of shares in the tech sector, such as Apple, Microsoft, or Tesla. But the same portfolio can also contain pharmaceutical companies, food producers, bank stocks, etc. 
When investors with a diversified portfolio log-in to their brokerage account, they will usually see a long list of every individual company they own and the performance of each individual company. However, what if the investor wanted to compare the performance of each sector (For example, how well are the investor's tech stocks performing compared to their pharmaceutical stocks)? What if the investor also wanted to see how each tech stock was performing compared to each other? What if the investor wanted to better understand how the capital in the portfolio is allocated (The investor might want to know what percentage of the portfolio is solely invested in pharmaceutical stocks, and see how much each pharmaceutical company makes up for the entire pharmaceutical portion of the portfolio)? Additionally, what if multple investors wanted to understand their portfolios differently (one investor might want to divide their stocks by sector, while another might want to divide their stocks by risk-level)?
Currently, many brokerages do not offer solutions to these problems in an elegant way or at all. Therefore, Assetsment was created to address the issue outlined above (More about how the website does this is explained below).

## How the website works (Quick overview)
Users can first create an account with their name, email, and password. Once logged in, users can create "groups", which are categories that users can place their stocks in. The user can just type a name to create their groups, and users can place stocks into their category my entering the ticker symbol, quantity bought, and average price at which they bought them at. From that point on, the website will show the user all the details regarding their investments through graphs and text. More detailed descriptions and visuals are provided below.
